I feel like I'm struggling to breathe.
It blew my [__] mind. I don't know
whose dick I've got to suck to get
[__] respect around here.
True. Jordi went through incredible
adversity to get to where he is today.
Depression, anxiety, and he's one of the
few people that's willing to tell you
about it.
Me ego was just going [__] crazy. I'm
the man. All the worst parts of me
amplified. It was It was better than a
drug. It was better than anything. It
was like, wow. I would have carried on
doing that probably if I hadn't have had
a moment of like boom. It just felt like
everything I'd been building to had been
like really like [__] up. I know I
needed humbled, but it was brutal. I
literally wanted to kill myself. Like,
you know, I really really did.
When you love someone more than anything
else in this world, that matters more
than anything. And where others would
have capitalized on a so story, she was
far too precious for me to share. She
was mine. She wasn't there for anyone
else. She was just my mom. And I miss
her every [__] day, bro. But once you
give it, there's no taking it back. The
day I don't need money anymore,
that's going to be a scary day for the
rest of the internet. I don't I don't
want to let the fans down and and I
don't want to stop doing what they they
love me for, but
True Jordy Brian. He's one of the real
pioneers in the YouTube space. He runs
one of the biggest football shows, the
biggest podcast, the biggest boxing
shows, and much, much more. But he is at
heart not the guy you see on screen. He
is a gentle giant. One born in a council
estate who went through incredible
adversity to get to where he is today.
billions of views. His conversations
seem to sway cultural conversation, but
he's still not getting what he deserves
in his opinion and in mine. When you see
True Jordy, what you see is this big 6'5
guy with tattoos and huge muscles. But
when you peel the layers back, you find
the total opposite. You find a small kid
in there, one that's still living in the
council estate in his mind, and one
that's missing his mother after her
tragic death a few years ago. He's been
to rock bottom. Depression, anxiety,
suicidal ideiation, and he's one of the
few people that's willing to tell you
about it and tell you about it with full
honesty and vulnerability. I've known
Brian a long time, and I've been so
fascinated by him because he appears to
be this contradiction. He appears to be
someone that does not give AF, but at
the same time, he's incredibly,
incredibly sensitive. To me, he's the
ultimate reminder that we are all a
contradiction and that you should never
judge a book by its cover. What you're
going to hear today is some stories that
Brian has never told. Stories that will
move you, some that might move you to
tears, but also stories that will
inspire you, and teach you some
important life lessons about what it
really is to be a human being, scars and
all. Without further ado, I'm Steven
Bartlett and this is the Diver CEO. I
hope nobody's listening, but if you are,
then please keep this to yourself.
How would you define and describe the
rise of True Jordy? And when I say that,
I'm talking about, take me back,
the early days.
Okay.
The stuff that made you who you are
today.
Um,
I'm an opportunistic person. I like I
when I see a tiny little like thing, I
just blow it open straight away. So like
uh the first um thing that happened to
me was I made a random rant about a
footballer that went viral. Didn't
really do YouTube at all. Just boom. And
then loads of people seeing it in the
Northeast. It was like this crazy son of
a [__] cuz no one really did stuff like
that then. I was one of the first guys
to do a football run.
I want to go back further.
What? Really?
Yeah.
What? Further in how
I want to know the the the the insecure
kid on the council estate.
All right. Okay.
um kind of sensitive inside but had to
act sort of tough because if you didn't
you would be [__] up like you know on
the estate like like my shed once got
burned down like set on fire just by
some kids just cuz it was a shed and it
was there you know like you had to carry
yourself in a certain way cuz all of our
dads were in prison. all of our dads.
Like it was like weird, you know what I
mean? So, we were sort of raising each
other and like I was like a milk kid at
school just cuz I could like drink extra
milk and that at like dinner time and
stuff. And uh I was smart obviously I'm
I'm smart guy but like I was looked upon
as like a nightmare. Like my when I was
10 years old my teacher told my mother
at parents evening she went you can just
tell when some of them are destined for
prison can't you? But like she worded it
like that, you know what I mean? And my
mom's like, "I know exactly what you're
saying." But like it was cuz I hated
her. She didn't understand me. Get me.
She talked down to me. So being talked
down to that really pisses me off even
at a 10-year-old age. Like I didn't like
that. You can win me over and I'll be
I'll be brilliant for you. But just
respect this. Ask me. Don't tell me. You
know, like even and I know that's like a
naive way to look at the world, but I
was 10 and I just had a chip on my
shoulder. And um yeah, didn't like
authority. Um
and but I always was quite like a little
bit competitive. Uh I remember like
there was a couple of kids like just
little random memories I have of like I
was fighting all the time, but like I
remember I always thought of myself as
one of the smarter lads and there was
this thing about like some sort of
school day where they selected like the
brightest boys and the brightest girls
and I wasn't selected. My mom thinking
I'm smarter than them, you know, like
but I couldn't prove it or whatever or I
don't know. I was I was in detention a
lot. I got thrown out of school multiple
times. Once for pissing on the uh the
school teachers lounge window and
telling them all to [__] off when I was
8 years old. One for fighting. Uh just
just white like rebellious, you know,
but like but with a brain and I just
needed to like find something to
What caused you to be that rebellious
8-year-old kid?
I think it's genetic a little bit. My
dad was a rebellious man very much so.
My mom not at all. My mom loving,
caring, kind mother Theresa. My dad uh
like a punk rocker who wanted to he like
he did m [__] when he was at school.
like he took the whole school on strike
once just cuz he didn't like a teacher
and like he he was known for like he was
thrown out of schools for like beating
teachers up and stuff like that cuz when
he was like 14 violence was his life.
You know what I mean?
Do you actually think it's genetic?
I think that um
yeah I think I think part of what makes
me aggressive is my genetic. Yeah. Cuz
even the look I get on my face when I'm
about to fight is identical to the look
my dad gets. Like it's that that switch.
Do you know what I mean? So,
I'm lucky that I've got it diluted with
the kindness of my mother and I finally
managed to channel the aggression into
later on in life into like focus, into
drive, into the good stuff, you know
what I mean? But at the time, I didn't I
was overwhelmed with whatever the [__]
was going on in my head. I didn't really
know what the hell it was. I had Joe Wix
sat here, you know, the body coach guy,
and he um he told me about his mom and
his dad, and his mom was very, very
caring and compassionate, and his dad
would punch um holes in the door.
Yeah.
Every day, and you know, was violent and
abusive. And Joe Wixs has come out as
really really compassionate and kind. I
don't know if you know him personally,
but even, you know, during the during
the lockdown, people saw him doing pee
with Joe and dancing and doing pee in
his in his room and stuff. Was that the
the guy who went popular for the PE
stuff?
Yeah. But he was he was crying and he
was he was up deeply upset that there
was a lockdown because it would hurt
other people. One of the most
compassionate people I've ever had met.
And his dad was from his account
very very um aggressive. So I've always
wondered about these generational cycles
whether it's you know
I think it's different for different
people. I personally I believe that
there's a cocktail in me that's a real
weird mixture of a self-obsessed
arrogant showman who was my dad
bodybuilder hard man went to prison
fighter and then a woman who worked like
looking after people very caring
compassionate loving charitable generous
you know all the good things and I'm not
saying my dad can't be good in any way
but it was just they were very polar
opposite people and for me I I see that
come out in me and there's and there's
there I believe in both genetic and uh
like the sociology side of it as well.
You have any brothers or sisters?
I've got a half sister from my dad's
side. Yeah.
Do you think it makes a difference being
an only child of sorts?
Uh yeah. Yeah, definitely. Me and
Lawrence have had a few conversations.
He was an only child, too. Um, and I
think it does make you
just live in your own head a little bit,
you know, and it makes you like I have
times where if I spend too much time
around people, I'm like, I need a
[__] break from this. Like, I want to
be on me and just listen to music for a
bit.
I heard you say this thing. Um, I heard
you say that people who live in their
own heads and think the most struggle
the most.
They're they're the ones who are most
susceptible to depression, I would say.
Yeah.
Do you want to come in and watch this
podcast live from behind the scenes? If
you do, all you have to do is hit the
subscribe button. And now that the world
has opened up, you'll be behind the
scenes as many of our subscribers have
been. I can't wait to meet you. So, take
me through the ride. So, we I know every
it's well documented how you became to
be a YouTuber.
Yeah. Apologies. I'm just used to
rehearsing.
Yeah, I know. Yeah. And I I don't
You're the same. You tell the story a
lot that
rolls up. It loses its emotion because
I've said it that many times, but
Yeah. So, you you you rose as a
YouTuber. I want to get to the point
where we, you know, money starts coming
in. Cuz for me, 23, 24 years old, when
money started coming in, I was going to
every nightclub on the weekend and
getting five bottles of Don Perry on and
I was trying to fill some kind of gap in
me.
Mhm.
And from what I saw in your videos, you
did a similar pulling similar.
I I'd had a bit of money before YouTube
cuz I was working offshore on the oil
rigs doing me deep sea diving. So that
was good money. I was earning about
£10,000 a month doing that. And that was
a bit of a wild lifestyle cuz I was
young. I was working class. I was
surrounded by men who were military men
who wanted to go out, beat men up and
[__] women and take drugs and and and
get drunk, you know? So I was
surrounded. They were my male role
models, you know. So it was a crazy
lifestyle that. So that was kind of
partly me getting raised by these
[__] men around me. And then
obviously um when I found YouTube, it
was like a rebirth of like oh um like I
I went in, it's a long story, but I went
into a bit of depression coming out of
diving and not knowing what the [__] I
wanted to do with my life cuz I didn't
know like I I knew I didn't want to be a
diver anymore. I knew I was done with
that. And when I found YouTube, it felt
like a little uh window of hope. And
then obviously that took off and once I
uh once I started getting money, yeah,
it was like, okay, I I I made it cuz I I
basically gave up on money. I chose
YouTube as a path to happiness. That was
the idea was give up the money, forget
that you're not happy doing that job.
I'd rather make minimum wage doing
videos than make six figures doing
diving. So, I went on that path and then
I it dawned on me, oh, I'm going to make
more money doing this. Actually, once
once I was in the thousands a month, it
was a bit of a oh [__] like, okay, how
do I handle this? And I thought I had a
good handle on it. Like, it was little
stuff at first, new car, move, move
house, better place, and all that. And
then once I came to London, that was
when it really went tits up to be honest
with you. I just started spending money
like crazy. I bought three new cars in
the space of about 18 months. Um, not
altogether, like one after the other
sort of thing, but like um I was able to
get things that I never dreamt possible.
And that was the moment of like, oh, I
can have this like my favorite car ever.
Wow. Uh, bought an Audi R8 first. That
went fast. Nice blue Audi R8. Beautiful.
Then I swapped that for a McLaren uh
which they had the convertible. the roof
come down. I thought I was the dog's
bollocks and that especially a guy like
me like
what the [__] am I doing in a McLaren,
you know? It look ridiculous
cuz I'm so huge. And then I swapped that
for a Bentley um GT 6 L um the
Continental.
Um white leather interior. Gorgeous. All
black wheels black everything. Oh,
black and white. There's this bit you
talked about when you leave diving and
you kind of lose your orientation and
that gives you minor depression which is
seems to be so common in people when
they they lose their purpose
and I mean I had Tom Bloomfield sat here
as well it was very similar they lose
their sense of purpose in life their
direction they feel that disorientation
they feel the depression then you went
after something that you thought would
give you like intrinsic internal joy and
then it becomes a a career and I read
this study which I found fascinating
that in Um, in in psychology, if they
give someone a game that they enjoy and
they play it, they enjoy it. D, and then
if they then give them the same game and
pay them to do it, they lose joy.
So, when you start paying someone to do
something that they once did for the
sheer fun of it, they lose the
fulfillment they're getting from it.
I've seen it in boxing and stuff like
that a lot. Like the passion goes once
it becomes monetary and obl obligatory
like you have to do it. It's not I'm
getting up and doing this passion now
and but
I' I've never lost a passion for video
making that's still there. I love it. Um
but um yeah, I lost my way like this
whole thing of
doing something for the right reasons
because I'd never experienced that kind
of money before. I I remember like
driving that Audi, the first one, the
Audi R8 when I drove that off the
parking lot. That was a moment of like,
what the [__] Like, it just blew me
mind. You know what I mean? The fact
that I was able to to drive a car worth
um it was worth $100,000
and I paid for it in cash.
You didn't? Really?
Boom. Yeah. I was like
and uh and I remember just driving it
and it was it honestly I I don't regret
it because even though it was a complete
waste of [__] money and I wasted even
more money swapping it for the other two
cars, it was a real healthy lesson to
learn and get out my system. But it was
like a drug, you know? It was it was
better than a drug. It was better than
anything. It was like, wow, this is like
for me. I don't know what it is about
fast cars and they look nice and the way
you feel when you're in just makes you
feel like a [__] movie star or
something, you know? Um especially
coming from a place where people set
fire to your shed because there was a
shed, you know, like nobody had a nice
car where I came from, you know, it
wasn't people didn't even have like a
Mercedes or a BMW, let alone a super
car. So that was mindblowing, you know
what I mean? And they just it was too
much for us. Just was.
And I me ego was just going [__]
crazy. You know what I mean? Like
I'm the man, you know? All the worst
parts of me just amplified.
There's there must be a reason why you
got you traded it in so many times
though, right?
I was addicted to that feeling. The new
the new [__] that that was the oh but
but what if Oh. And then I see in the
McLaren. I remember driving it into the
[__] the super car place. I look at
the McLaren. I look back at me out here.
I was like, I don't really And then I
just kept looking at Mac going, it's
new. That's the new [__] The new
hotness. And you know, it's ridiculous.
Just absolutely idiotic.
Never ends.
Yeah. I would have carried on. I would
have carried on doing that probably if I
hadn't have had a moment of like
that
boom. You know what I mean? What are you
doing, mate? You know, health health.
Life's good at that. Give you a good
slap around the head when you need it.
And I really needed it. You know what I
mean? Because everything that a man does
when he's from nothing, like all these
rappers, you know, I was doing the same
thing like spunk money up the wall, buy
pointless jewelry, clothes, [__]
like that, treating people the wrong
way, treating myself the wrong way, not
looking after myself. I piled away on I
think I just skipped like the good years
to Elvis at the end. Do you know what I
mean? Like I just went full throttle.
Um, so yeah,
you said boom.
Oh yeah. Yeah. So I had a bit of a
moment where everything was just you
know came crashing down. There was um a
lot of people know there was the DMs but
also in the same week there was the um
the loss of a huge deal.
Um, which
for anybody that doesn't know the DMs,
some somebody leaked some DMs that some
I had sexual DMs that were out there.
Um, and um, me being the crazy wild
bastard that I was at that moment, you
know, drinking a lot, just doing all
sort just [__] lost my way. And then
in the same week, I also had
a a deal that was on the table that was
pretty much negotiated, done, signed
seal delivered, which would have secured
my financial future for the next two
years with a huge company, big betting
company,
multi-million pound deal. It wasn't it
wasn't just one, you know what I mean?
It was the deal. Um, and they had hired
a new guy who thought he knew better
than the last guy. Um, and he I think he
just like didn't like me. He also I
think it was partly like you don't want
to carry on the the work of the guy who
used to have your job. So he he was
trying to find any reason he could to
um, you know, [__] it up. And, you know,
he did what he did. We got to a point
where I was like, are you going to do
the deal or not, mate? like and there
was um I can't go into specifics cuz I
agreed to like keep it you know
respectful like but there was some
things asked of me which were just
outrageous and um we we we couldn't move
on basically and I'm I'm very glad I
didn't because otherwise everything I
now have
might it might not have ended up that
way. Do you know what I mean? When when
you're put in a position where
do you want to do you want to keep your
ownership of things or or not? you know
what I mean? So, uh, but yeah, that was
a devastating blow. And then obviously
having people laughing at you for sexual
DMs and stuff when, you know, it was I
was drunk as [__] at the time and it was
just a stupid moment. But regardless,
you know, knowing that there's just such
little compassion out there for you when
you're having a awful time, it really it
it it took me I got from as high as I
was, it took as low as possible in that
moment of like no one cares. everything
you've worked hard for, you now don't
have. I I'd literally agreed a tenency
agreement on my flat for two years on
the basis that this was all going to be
signed. So, I'm like, how the what what
the [__] do I do now? You know what I
mean? So, and then
I was hit with a tax bill that was way
more than I could handle as well because
in my head it's like got the cash coming
and got the tax bill paid off, man.
Don't worry about it. So everything that
could go wrong went wrong. And um you
know I know I needed humbled but it was
brutal. That was and and I know it might
sound to some people like out there like
oh uh
oh poor pitiful you know white boy
problems and [__] like that. But it I
literally wanted to kill myself like you
know I really really did cuz it it was
just too much even for me like and I'm a
pretty tough person. It was just it was
awful. Like the level of abuse and
ridicule I got online and and the
financial mess I was in. It just felt
like everything I'd been building to had
been like really like [__] up. And uh
yeah, it was even just talking about it
now is hard to to say. Do you know what
I mean? Cuz it was bad. It was awful.
Um, so that left me in a really really
low place.
The people online would have had no idea
because I I remember watching that play
out from afar
and it was just online it was just kind
of jokes and
Well, what you have to remember is they
didn't know I'd lost a multi-million
pound deal that week. They didn't know I
had a six figure tax bill to pay.
Yes.
So that's happening behind the scenes.
And that happened before.
Yeah.
The before the DM. So then the DMs
happened as well. The icing on the cake
was the DMs,
right? If it was just one or the other,
you could say maybe. But when you're
financially [__] and you're also
trending on Twitter being called,
I'm not even going to say the words, but
you know, the things people say about
gay people that are to hurt them, the
things people, you know, you should go
and do this, you should you know, and
people love to kick people on the way
down. what they especially love and this
is the difference is if you're a
vulnerable person publicly you're seen
to be
I don't know let let's say you're you're
seen to be in some sort of subculture
that people view in a way that's like oh
poor them I hope they're all right I'm a
big strong alpha male I look tough I
look like I can handle all the ridicule
in the world I'm brash cocky like you
know so they people probably didn't
think you like and also when you're a
man you don't get sympathy the way women
get sympathy when they go through
revenge porn or anything like that it's
not looked upon the same and I just had
to sort of think about and take and go
yeah this isn't fair but life isn't fair
so what the [__] do you expect Brian
like you know um so I drank a lot of
whiskey and uh smoked a lot of weed that
week if I'm honest with you
you know what's so funny is I remember I
remember seeing it trending and I I go
on his Brian's account and see what he
said about it Nothing. Silence.
Yeah. Yeah.
And that for me was really surprising.
Oh yeah. Yeah. I think a lot of people
thought that actually. But I even in the
chaos I act
quite cerebrally. I'm a I'm a I'm I can
be quite reptilian when I need to be to
get myself out of a You see in diving
for example, in the moment of panic, in
that moment of like I could [__] die
here. I've been in those situations if I
don't act smart. I could I'm in a a [__]
situation here. I got to use I've got to
pull my knife out, cut this rope, do
this, do I'm used to thinking like in
that way in a So I just thought I'm
going to I'm just going to say nothing.
I'm going have a have a have a night to
think about this. Just just think about
how I was I felt awful. Don't get us
wrong, but I knew I wasn't going to give
up. But even though I wanted to kill
myself, I also thought that weirdly I
think all the the [__] sort of it gave
me something to resist.
Do you know what I you know, give me cuz
I'm a fighter in my heart. So, I was
like, "Nah, [__] you." Um, so, um,
within a day I was like, "Okay, this is
how we're going to do this. I'm going to
get the two best piss takers I know, and
I'm going to get them to rip the piss
out of me, make everyone feel like it's
over and done with now." Because the
minute you acknowledge it, laugh it off,
and show that you're not frightened,
people will get bored, move on to
something else, and they'll scratch the
itch of saying, cuz what they really
want me to do is self-destruct. But if I
show I'm brave, they'll respect that and
then move on.
But they don't realize is I was pretty
[__] drunk during that whole episode.
Really? Like I was It was We were
recording 11:00 a.m. I was on the
whiskey. Like I had like [__] two
massive glasses full of whiskey
straight. And then I was like, "Right,
let's do this."
And like cuz I knew they were going to
be brutal, but I said, "You have to be
you have to just say every worst thing
cuz then people will leave me the [__]
alone and then I'll really get on with
my depression then." Do you know what I
mean? So that's how I was like
kind of like sensible in planning out my
own self-destruction.
Smart. Yeah.
Yeah. It's very weird. And I've spoken
to other people about this when they've
been in similar situations like when
Logan went through his thing and he was
like, "Yeah, same. I just uh
drank a lot and smoked a lot." That was
that was that was what we both did like
you know. So yeah. So that after that
happened, I then had to um okay, where
do we go from here then? Um and
I had a production company who were
partnered with us at the time who agreed
that they would carry the cost to the
kickoff while we were looking for
another sponsor. So that was very kind
of them. Shout out to Pete. He knows who
he is.
And um we don't get me wrong, those
costs had to be paid back at some point.
So every show is x amount of money.
Every single fee,
you know, and this is the thing that
people forget. I've probably got the
biggest crew on YouTube really. So
there's like 15 people every show who
need paid and every every single time we
do a kickoff show. That cost was
building. My my tax wasn't going
anywhere. I needed a [__] sponsor big
time. Um so that was it was a bad time.
You know what I mean? A lot of pressure.
I think that was the thing. Pressure. I
felt it from every angle, you know.
How how does how does that impact other
areas of your life? I I've heard you
talk about the impact it had on your
sleep,
which I think is something people don't
think about enough cuz I I think sleep
is probably the foundation of your mood,
how you make decisions, and everything
in between. So,
uh probably um
I I still haven't quite mastered that. I
think that's the thing that I think
partly it's cuz when you have your own
business, there's not enough hours in
the day. So you're always like late at
night being like what else can we do?
What else can we do? So I'm [__] at
sleeping and like as soon as I wake up
by the time I've made it to the toilet
for a piss I'm thinking about what we
need to do like I it so that's part of
it. Um but yeah
I I drank myself to sleep to a point
where I was more collapsing rather than
sleeping you know and uh it was awful.
Like
I'm going to play just cuz these are the
questions that come to mind. You're
drinking yourself to sleep, but you're a
smart guy. You know that that's not
good.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. But but at that point, I
cared more about
uh it was like a almost like it was like
a a mathematical equation. It's like
what what is more important right now?
Me being like I didn't care about
myself. I just thought get through the
days cuz so my mom died, right? This is
totally side thing um previously to
that. And I remembered when I got
through that, I did a similar thing
where I would just I drank myself to
sleep for about a month at least. And I
knew if I could just get a few weeks
under my belt, no matter how I got
through it, it would be easier. So I
just had to get to that point. And I
think I'm not re recommending this, by
the way, but few people will go through
the kind of week I went through. So
luckily, it won't be necessary. But
sometimes you've just got to put
distance between you and the event and
daylight will slowly become uh seeable.
I'm not saying it was a good idea.
Yeah. Yeah. This is this is Yeah, it
does. It sounds like kind of
they look good on the movie.
Yeah, I can imagine. Yeah, it for me cuz
if those issues aren't ever properly
addressed,
then they kind of reemerge or they
they were they So, I hear you. But
there's a time and a place and right in
the aftermath isn't always the best time
to go and go right let's let's figure
out what went wrong here. It was
emotionally so distressing. I just
thought I am going to [__] every
every waking moment was they're all like
the the whole thing the finances the twe
the all this [__] I couldn't
I couldn't address it at that point. I
couldn't think about it at that point. I
couldn't work out what had gone wrong or
all of that. I just thought, get a
[__] sponsor. Keep doing the shows.
Drink yourself to sleep if you have to.
Just get a [__] sponsor. Keep the
money coming in because right now
without money, you're you're [__] So
[__] Like I'm homeless. You know what
I mean? Like the amount of bills that
were crewing up and the amount of money
I had, I was going to end up like I was
like I might end up [__] wherever.
You know what I mean? Like so it really
wasn't about oh let's go and work
through my problems. It was like let's
put some [__] money in the uh bank.
Yeah.
Was there one day through that period
which you remember as being the most
agonizing one particular day?
Every single day. Every single day was
just as bad as it was like when my mom
died that was what it reminded me of. It
was like I had died almost like
every day I'd wake up. So when my mom
died, I remember wake when I'd wake up,
I'd go. And it was that first moment
when your eyes wake up and you go, "Oh,
it's real. It's it's actually happened."
And that's the moment where when when my
life had ended, it was that moment of
when I'd first wake up, I go, "Oh, it's
it's real. It's real." And then I'd have
to
get up and face the day. You know what I
mean? And just try and block it out.
When I'd go outside, I wore a cap. I'd
try everything I could to to hide who I
was because I felt ashamed that I was
the DM guy or I I used to think of
myself as like a great podcaster,
someone who had changed his life,
brought himself out from and now I was
like being like shamed, laughed at, all
of that [__] So, I just felt so like
humiliated, you know what I mean? I just
didn't feel like me anymore.
When you said you woke up and you the
first couple of seconds you thought it's
real.
Yeah. Does that mean that your sleep was
a place of peace or a place of escapism?
Uh yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I'm asking this question because Tom
Bloomfield from Monzo was sat there and
he talks about being anxious and
depressed for about 2 years and he said
when I'd wake and he literally said he's
he was here last week. He said when I
woke up
for two or three seconds I didn't know
who I was or where I was and those were
the best. And then he said it would just
come crashing back down.
No. So, the best time was when I was
drunk before I went to sleep. That was
the point where I really enjoyed it cuz
I was like, "Oh, it's like I'm not even
here." You know what I mean? So, that
was the best time cuz then nothing felt
I couldn't feel anything. You know what
I mean? That was ideal. That's why I
kept going back there every night. But I
wasn't an alcoholic or anything. It was
that feeling that I was chasing. The I
don't feel pain,
numbness.
Yeah. That was the good bit. you when
your mother passed away,
you didn't talk about it.
No. No. I mean, YouTube's a shitty
place, isn't it? It's a horror. Like, as
I found out the hard way, you know. So,
um, and also, she's just precious to me.
So, I uh I keep it to myself always. Um,
I keep hurt to myself always. I've only
talked about her once online, and that
was the rebuild.
Yeah. And even in even in that video,
which I watched twice, um I still had no
idea when it h when it had happened.
Yeah. Yeah.
Because I was trying to pinpoint if
there was like a change in you or if it
was during your YouTube career, at the
height of your YouTube career before
and and I thought it was, you know, for
a guy that does really pour it out on
the internet. And I've seen you, you
know, when the Logan Paul incident
happened, I watched that video and you
were pouring out your heart in a way
that was
just remarkably vulnerable. And that was
just a secret.
Yeah. But it's it's like um
it's like what I said earlier. I can be
quite cerebral when I have to be and I
can make decisions when I have to be.
Pardon me. For me own me own sake. And
here's the thing. When you love someone
more than anything else in this world,
that matters more than anything. And
where others would have capitalized on a
sub story, she was far too precious for
me to share with anyone. You know, it
wasn't about she was mine. She wasn't
there for anyone else. She was just my
mom. Do you know what I mean? And that's
the way I I plan to keep it. Do you know
what I mean? Um I've I've explained what
she meant to us in that video and how
much I love her. I always will and I
miss her every [__] day, bro. But um
it's just one of those things where I
think to myself certain things I think
you draw the line online, you know, you
have to there has to be some stuff
that's for you. And even if I say,
"Yeah, my mom died and I loved her and
she meant the world to us."
And I and I did try and give some ins
and outs of what my relationship was
like with her so that people could feel
how much feel the love, you know what I
mean? Um,
I didn't want to give everything because
I don't know, it's just too special for
me to to to give everything. Do you know
what I mean? Like that. And I think
that's one thing that some creators
could do with learning as well is like
what is how much value does something
has if you'll just share it with
everyone? And I do think you got to pick
and choose, you know what I mean?
carefully because once you give it,
there's no taking it back. And that's
the problem, isn't it? You know what I
mean? With YouTube, it's like once it's
out there, it's out there. So,
in that video, you say when you're you I
think you've just been fighting with um
is it Vlad's dad?
Oh, with Vidal's dad.
Vidal's dad.
And you I mean you it looks like you've
gone like 12 rounds with him or
something and you fall over and you're
back and you get emotional cuz and he
says, you know, that's what boxing does.
It brings all those emotions back. And
you said a line. You said, "I'm just a a
guy that misses his mom."
Mhm.
Have you ever processed that?
Um, yeah. A lot. A lot. Uh, I've truly
faced
I know everything like about me that's
good, bad. I really face up to my to
everything in my life. You know what I
mean? I know where I've gone wrong. I
know I I really face things head on. and
and with my mom, I I faced it more than
anything because it was it was a
constant in my it it's like losing a
parent if you're especially if it's an
it's an if you're an only child and
there's only one parent, it's um so
severe because it's like I try to
describe it to someone. It was like one
day I went outside and um the whole
world was full of water and people are
swimming around in their scuba gear or
whatever going, "But what what
everything's normal, Brian." I'm like,
"No, no, you don't understand." Like,
like the constants in my life have been
like the sun comes up in the morning, I
breathe air, you know, the moon comes
out at night, my mom loves me. Those
four things like or this is reality. So
to remove one of those components, it
blew my [__] mind like that she
couldn't be here anymore. I was like,
that doesn't make sense to me. You know
what I mean? So, I had to face it and I
and I really have processed it as is and
and I think that's why I never felt the
need to share it either because I was
like, you know, I'm at peace with with
that as hard as it is. It's just part of
my life now. And uh and I and I feel
like
as uh people say things like this, but I
I feel like she's there. I don't I don't
need anything from anyone to make me
feel better because when when a mother
loves her son the way my mother love me,
there's nothing anyone can tell me in
this world about her, about about me,
about us. So, I don't need to share it.
You know what I mean?
You said you had one parent then.
Well, me dad was, you know, around sort
of, but like in and out there, you know,
he's like he's a he was an old school
guy. me dad, you know, like like [__]
shagged around, went to prison, just a
wild man. Um,
but I'm I'm I'm okay with my dad now.
I'm I've just reached a place of like
understanding that my dad's got bipolar
disorder. He's uh he's never going to be
quote unquote normal. Like he's just
that guy. And uh you know he recently
had a a suicide attempt which I had to
phone the ambulance for and that and
it's like what the [__] hell is this?
Like you know what I mean? You're
panicking um hoping he's going to be all
right. He then got sectioned again um
which this was this year you know and uh
you had to phone the ambulance.
Yeah. Yeah. Um
he text me basically a sort of a message
that let me know what was going down you
know. So instantly got in the ambulance
and then you're panicking cuz the
ambulance they're like, "Oh, co co." I'm
like, "Well, you [__] just get
there." Like, "Are you [__] me?" 2
hours it took them to get there. Two
[__] hours. And like it was like a
full-blown suicide attempt. Like the
pills were already gone. You know what I
mean? So, um,
yeah, just like
the it it's stressful, you know? um when
when you go through that and it was I
did a podcast about it because you know
you don't really know what to do like
when my last time my dad was sectioned I
was a [__] child like so I'm now his
next of kin I'm his his parent now in
this situation so he's mentally unstable
coming to me asking me for the answers
I'm trying to run a company and and do
my YouTube videos hey everyone welcome
back
you know what I mean it's [__] mental
and that's one of weird things about uh
being a YouTuber is like I know that
people rely on me for their escape,
but it's sometimes that's why like you
you messaged me to do a podcast around
that time and I said, "Mate, I ain't
doing a [__] podcast right now. I'm
not in it." And I didn't cuz I just said
I'll just be [__] miserable. I mean,
great start anyway. We're talking about
sad stuff.
But yeah, I I I just knew I couldn't I
couldn't do it. You know what I mean?
But um yeah, it's been uh me and my dad
are all right. like he sometimes he just
um
he sees things from a different angle
because he's got bipolar. So it's it's
challenging, you know what I mean, to
get him to see where I'm coming from.
Sometimes
it's so difficult when a when eventually
I think a kid has to kind of forgive
their parents and start parenting their
parents. It's even kind of happened to
me in a strange way because I think my
mom I think my mom has bipolar.
Dude, your mom's such a character. I
heard stories and I'm like,
yeah, I remember being young and and
being told that. Well, I mean, the first
one I wrote in my book is when she came
to the school in her lingerie
when I was like four or 5 years old
because she wanted to put on a show. And
then the other instance that sticks in
my mind, there's one where she chased my
dad through the house with a knife. And
the third one I remember is being told
that she had been locked up because um
they had come to repossess her her
restaurant and she was stood in the
street with a a knife and she was
smashing up her own shop and there was
police in the street and everything and
I I didn't see that. But
we'll have to set them up for a day.
No, but there is you get to a point
where you realize that I'm not going to
have the perfect family that I see in
the films and I'm going to have to
forgive these people who are meant to be
my idols and guardians for their own
flaws,
you know, and I just
Yeah, it's I'm I've made I've I've sort
of I've made peace with my dad's
mistakes in life. Uh it it's difficult
though, you know, you you
it's a really long process of why don't
you love me? Why won't you be like this?
Why aren't you doing that? Why, you
know, and as the years go by, you
realize other people's parents are also
[__] up.
You know, how many people can actually
say they've got two parents who love
each other in a great marriage and have
been great parents. Most people I know
don't have that situation. Even if their
parents are together, it's a [__]
[__] show. So, yeah, people are aren't
perfect. And um I think just accepting
that is a good start to life.
Okay, quick one. One of my best friends
in the world, Francesca, sent me a text
message this week, and I'm going to read
it out to you. She said, "Happy Sunday.
So, we're thinking of joining the Hule
hype. I'm forgetting to eat all of the
time, and I end up eating rubbish, so I
need to sort it out. Any recommendations
to start off with?" And my response to
her was, um, any of the ready to drink
Hules would be my suggestion. Whatever
flavor you think is your preference.
Honestly, Francesca, this is a very,
very good health decision. And she then
replied and said, "Amazing. Excited to
get started on it." Um, and I think that
demonstrates um the genuine, authentic
relationship I have with Hule. I
genuinely depend on Hule um because I'm
prone to missing meals. And when I do
have my meals, sometimes they're not
nutritionally complete to say the least.
I'm definitely not getting my vitamins
if I don't have Hule because a lot of
the food we have today is processed and
it's it's filled with a lot of bad
stuff. So, Hule has been a lifesaver of
mine for 3 years. And as I've said
before, it's such a joy to have a
sponsor that you genuinely believe can
help people change their lives if they
would only start using the product. So,
let's get back to the podcast. Anxiety
is a really interesting topic. I've been
involved in this mental health company
for some time now. A Thai and I've just
got really fascinated about the concept
of anxiety.
Oh, it's [__] horrible.
Just I and I've experienced it as well.
I've I've
Oh, yeah. Been there.
Tell me about your experience with
anxiety.
Um,
and when And was it later in your life
that you first?
Uh, I think the first time I'd had
anxiety was after my mom died in the in
the immediate. I didn't know what was
going on. I just remember being in the
room and saying to my mates, "My chest
is getting really tight. I'm I feel like
I'm struggling to breathe." And I was
like, "Uh, and then, you know, the
doctors hired us some volume and [__]
I think I had that with some alcohol at
the same time." And that that was when
the forcing myself to sleep sort of was
was started. But um as I got older
um
I realized
uh through the YouTube thing
just like
being known is is a really weird thing
particularly obviously around that time
with the the fall of True Jordy as I
called it on the video. Uh lots of
anxiety and depression. Um and it is
just such a horrible feeling to go
through. cuz it feels very serious at
the time.
Yeah.
But it it is in your head, isn't it?
Really?
You've been very open about your and I
don't want to continue on this topic cuz
we got a lot of lot to talk about.
You've been very open about your
depression and suicidal ideation.
And
one thing that I haven't quite managed
to get over in your head is what you
said earlier where you said one of the
things that actually made you hang in
there was that people didn't want you to
hang in there.
And that's the fire.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I I I like I sort of
there there was a there was a tweet that
was tweet tweeted at me. It's such a
weird little confession. Uh where a guy
went um I've heard about your financial
issues or whatever he said in his tweet
and it couldn't happen to a better guy
and I've got like a dark sense. I sort
of smirked at it and I thought in my
head I thought I know I am not beaten.
like I just know it and I and I know I'm
going to be rich and I know shit's going
to go come back around. So I just
screenshotted the tweet and I remember
thinking I'm going to use that as like
an air freshener on a Ferrari or
something. You know what I mean? Like I
have this like
I don't know. You know what I mean? Like
I want to prove people wrong and and and
I think that drive at the start was a
lot of that was like when I started
YouTube so many people like the [__] is
this idiot doing like shouting on his
camera and all that. So then all of a
sudden there was that that that
negativity came in droves, [__]
thousands of tweets. Um,
and yeah, it was sort of a weird like,
oh, it's like starting the game again,
but like on a different level. So I'm
like, okay, now I'm [__] but I've
been [__] worse before. So like it's
kind of like a all right, let's let's
use this a bit. So, but to sort of
uh
yeah, the depression, it's it's like
it's awful and it's so negative and you
think about like I was thinking about
suicide on a daily basis at one point. I
was, you know, I'm sorry if this is
bringing people down when they listen to
this, but um you know, I was really
seriously contemplating it in in a way
of like here's what I would do. And and
and when the anxiety attacks were coming
over me, it was just an awful way of
living. And I honestly don't know how I
got through what I got through. Like I
looking back at it. Uh it was [__]
mental. Um
I've never been um to that point.
So when I hear people talking about it,
it just it's like incomprehendable to me
that you could get to the point where
you think the best route is to end your
life.
So
yeah, I mean looking looking at it at
the time, I thought I had what was like
situational depression where I'm in this
horrible situation and that's why I'm
depressed, which was partly true
obviously, but I was also chemically
depressed as well. Like there was what I
now realize is
through that my mom dying other trauma
in my life I definitely had chemical
depression like I needed I needed
medication you know um but um I sort of
um didn't believe in it. Didn't want to
do it. Didn't think it would work
uh for me, you know. And also like when
you're a guy who's um lives in his head
and thinks, you know, I'm a smart guy,
yada yada yada, you sort of you're
worried it's going to change the way you
think and make you a bit what if it
makes me dumber, you know, some
something silly like that or you hear
about other people's bad experiences on
it, like [__] your libido, all of this
sort of weird [__] puts weight on you.
There's just all sorts of little fears.
So,
um, it had to get so bad, uh, before I
would try medication. But like one day
it got bad enough where I was like I I
realized I thought I'm definitely going
to do it sooner otherwise. Um, I I'm
going to have to I was like frightened
almost like as a kind of like as a
friend of me if that makes sense. Like
I'm I was frightened for me cuz I was
like you're really going to [__] do
this here soon. like uh the way I was
thinking and the way my life was going
and the way I was feeling about small
things that really are like you know
when people sort of push your buttons a
little bit the way that was making me
feel was awful like I was shouting at my
friends and my crew and uh when someone
was challenging me in any way the the
fear and anxiety was bubbling underneath
it was just overwhelming and I had like
really bad nightmares and I'd wake up in
the morning. And I remember just waking
up one morning just being like, "Oh, I
really don't want to live anymore." And
that was when I was like on the phone to
the doctor and I was like, "Give us
whatever the [__] you've got cuz I'm
willing to try anything now." And uh
thank [__] you know. Um so they uh they
prescribed us some anti-depressants
and I'm really [__] glad I tried
them, mate. Honestly,
you called the doctor yourself.
Mhm.
One night, one morning.
Uh it was in the morning. No, it was
you woke up and thought I need to call
Yeah. I just knew I thought I'm like I'm
I'm I'm a liability to myself here. And
it was like the fear of oh [__] you're
getting dangerously close. Like you like
thoughts become things, right? So like
we we know that because when we
challenge our um channel our brains in
an ambitious way, we can make magic
happen. But also
if I'm thinking negatively, I can go to
the worst possible place. And I really
knew I was like almost manifesting it
because it I was spending so I there was
so many times it would pass through my
head if oh well I'll just kill myself.
Oh well I'll just kill myself. Oh like
if this doesn't happen if this doesn't
happen if this doesn't happen. It was it
was becoming an answer. It was becoming
a solution to all of the problems that
felt like they were mounting on my
shoulders and stuff like that. Um, so
yeah.
Um, and when I took the medication, that
was when it really dawned on me like,
oh, that wasn't just cuz of what I've
been through or it was a it was yeah,
post-traumatic stress disorder and all
sorts of other [__] but it was also
like a chemical imbalance probably in
the brain where my serotonin levels were
real low. Um, and you know, I was
desperate, so I'm glad I took them. I
never see you
meditate, go on holiday, relax, chill
out,
go to the jungle. I was in the jungle
and you you messaged me and said, "Oh, I
need a little bit of that."
Yeah. I mean, you look like you were
having a a whale of a [__] time. Um
Yeah, but
I am on like a treadmill, you know what
I mean? like and I'm not quite at that
point of um
financial um
what I want from life financially. I
haven't quite clinched that
moment of
Will you ever
upset? Yeah, I will. I will.
You think so?
Yeah. Yeah.
Cuz I don't think I have.
Um you No, but
doesn't it?
Yeah. But we're at different points, you
know what I mean? Sort of like um
financially speaking. Um, I'm nearly
there. I think I'm I'm getting there. I
I've got a really good organized team
now. Money is is sorting itself out. And
it's like if I just carry on the way I'm
going, we'll be okay. And then I can
have those moments where I go now. I'm
going to rest. I'm going to enjoy
myself. But yeah, I don't I don't
meditate. I don't uh
you know,
how do you relax?
um glass of wine and um I say a glass of
bottle of wine. Uh but you know um
were you ever taught how to relax?
No, not really. I I feel like I don't
really re like the minute I put out
something I'm really happy with. I get
this feeling of like content. Like I'm
like, "Oh, that's class. That that's a
really good piece of work that I'm
really happy with that." But then like
10 minutes will go by and that'll be
when I'm like, "Okay, what what we doing
next then?" You know what I mean? And I
think like, you know, we have that in
common for sure. And I no doubt that
when when I hit that point where I'm
financially secure,
I'll still carry on being a bastard. But
I will chill out more. I will I will
chill out more. And I'm already chilling
out more since I started the
anti-depressants actually. like in terms
of the way I behave like all of those
I'm so much more in control of myself
now my anger my
ups and downs like you know there are
everything's a lot more relaxed and and
I communicate in a way that's not as um
like you know there was times where
people would piss me off and I would
just not even look at them because I
would be so frustrated that when I'd
tell them I wouldn't I wouldn't even be
able to look at them cuz I'd be like I
want to punch you right now So, I'm not
going to look, you know what I mean?
Like, I I I just exude anger. Even when
I was trying to hold it back, it was
there obvious
and I don't want people who work with me
to feel like they're working with a
[__] lunatic. You know what I mean?
So, the the anti-depressants have been a
godsend. And um that's really helped me
communicate and now now if I have an
issue, I just sit down and I'm just
honest and calm and I just go, here's
what's gone wrong. Here's what I think
we should do better. if you want to hear
tell me what I need to do better. I'm
more ears and it's like I'm a different
I'm a better person now. You know what I
mean? Still not the finished article by
any means. Got lots of work to do. But
it just made me realize like my and it
it goes back ironically to to the
trolls, you know, even even the trolls
who gave me all that [__] It's like
when you're really unhappy within
yourself, it comes out everywhere. And
and that was really what was happening
to me. I was like, and part of it
actually made my YouTube videos good cuz
like the pain that like that fall of
True Jordy video, uh, it it was just I
just said, Lawrence, you need to [__]
sit down and I need to sit down cuz I've
got so much [__] I want to say right
now. And if I don't get this out there,
I'm going to [__] explode, so we're
doing this. It wasn't thought out or
anything. Um,
but it brings Sometimes it's like that
struggling artist thing, isn't it?
People like that a little bit, like to
feel like they're battling something. So
it makes the videos better. So it worked
in my favor a little bit.
I just I've just come to I mean from my
own experiences and I'm sure you've
heard this heard me say this before just
when I when I was insecure, broke and
striving to be rich and successful upon
actually getting there I realized that
that was totally unfulfilling because it
just moves off into the future. And so
when I what I think I've come to learn
maybe is happiness is in fact finding
peace today irrespective of uncompleted
goals. That's definitely in my head as
well. Peace.
That word peace
today.
Yeah. Like
in even in the last month actually I
remember thinking I only want to be
around people who are who make me feel
peaceful. If you bring drama, if you
bring aggro stress, you can [__] off
because I'm trying to turn over a new
leaf now and not deal like.
And I think a lot of people just did not
realize like while they were heaping
stuff onto my plate because I'm the
mountain of a man who can handle
anything apparently
that I was at [__] breaking point and
I just wasn't saying it, you know?
Whereas now I'm saying it. I'm like,
"No, I'm not doing that." like you know
the other day one of the lads in the
team said it was um oh um it was about
research or something like you know for
graphic design and stuff and and me mate
went it was um oh it would help if you
if you had a look and I said would Joe
Rogan's team tell him to do that
or do your own research Joe you know and
and now I'm just very much like he has
the standards this is what we do and you
know
and are you still do you think this is
what really what I'm getting at here is
do you think you're still attaching some
happiness to the future attainment of
some goal or or this is this is scary
it's it's it's
healthy in a way because it's like
I'm not under the illusion that the
minute I hit the big number that all of
a sudden I'm going to um that will make
me happy but the freedom that that
number will then give me is what I'm
looking for.
Freedom from what?
Freedom to freedom of choice. Freedom to
do whatever I want with my life. Right
now, I'm a slave to the game. The game
for me right now is I've got the all
these shows, all these brands that I'm
trying to build. I'm doing the fighting.
I've got the kickoff, the football
brand. I've got the podcast and other
things I'm working on as well, like my
poker and and stuff and Twitch.
I am on a treadmill where every single
week I have to do I'm contracted to do
this show, this show, this show.
I'm the most consistent YouTuber in the
UK. It's just nobody really realizes it
because it's kind of always been that
way. I've always been that the guy like
even though I slowed the podcast down in
terms of like the amount of videos I've
been putting out, it's been insane from
for years now. Um
so I I have to do them because I'm not
at a point of financial freedom. And
even when I am, I might still carry on.
But it would be nice to have the option
to go, "Yeah, I'm going to do this and
and yeah, I'm going to interview that
guy." Hey, if I want to interview a guy
in America, I can stop the kickoff cuz I
just don't want to do it this week or
I'll let my other boys do it and I'm
going to go to LA and interview Joe
Rogan. You know, I'd love to have the ab
I can't do that. I'm chained to my
content and I love my content
fortunately and I love the people I'm
around.
But if I if I if if I didn't, it would
be really hard.
Got you. I've I've been thinking a ton
about this. It's actually again the last
chapter in in um in the book I was
writing and I I think my conclusion
my my book's actually quite similar.
Yours called Happy Sexy Jordy.
Is it? Where'd you get the name from?
No, it's just that last I was I thought
so much about ambition and my conclusive
point was when you realize that you are
enough and you actually don't need more
money or you don't need more external
validation that foundation is such a
contradiction right that when you
realize that you're actually you've got
everything you need then you then the
result is true ambition not ambition to
impress girls with a Lamborghini not
ambition to prove everyone wrong but you
go after the things that you actually
genuinely give a [__] about and when you
get to the point where you are you know
that you're enough, then you start to go
for things just for the sake of like the
intrinsic intelligence.
That's what I'm talking about, bro. That
that's where I am. It's like I know I
want to get there,
but I'm not there yet. And and when when
I get that
big [__] off deal, that's insane.
Then I can be like, I mean,
unfortunately, that'll mean more work,
but um there you go. Right.
But but I'll have the money to then have
that in um bring the plane into land
eventually and go, "Okay, now what do I
want to do?" M
um ultimately the funny thing is I'm
doing what I want to do now. I'm just
doing a lot more of it than probably
physically I should be. You know what I
mean? It would be nice to have a bit
more bigger a bigger team is really what
I'd like to do is put put invest more
into the team and have like more people
to help me cuz
me and the boys we do a lot.
It's funny because it feels like the
snowball then gets bigger as it's
rolling down the hill. possibly
add five more people then that means
more brand obligations to pay for them.
Do you know what it is though? It would
make me so [__] happy to be um I I
know this is like I I get why this is
[__] but it's also like it's enough
for me.
Even people from Newcastle have like
underestimated me. Even people who
should be championing me and supporting
me are telling me I ain't [__] So just
to like go beyond what anyone could even
imagine, it would be such a [__]
ride. And ultimately, that's all I want
to do at the end is look back and go,
"Fuck me. I showed those [__] didn't
I?" Like, and and have a good laugh and
spend time with my friends, make great
videos. That's what I want to do.
What What What are your ambitions now
then? I don't think you've you know,
you've signed this deal with um
obviously Gym Shark, which is great, and
you've you've done a deal with Beats,
which is great. You're over on Twitch
now. Poker stars as well. Shout out
poker stars. Got to love poker stars.
What is the big when you talk about that
big, you know, vision that you have in
your mind of where you will be in 5 10
years from now. What is that?
Um
I feel like I've I'm in a bit of a
unique situation
in that I want to kind of be the king of
multiple different things. And uh it's
going to be interesting to see how that
that goes. Uh, I think I'm the best
podcaster currently um about uh aside
from Joe Rogan. No offense to your good
f
I think you're very good. Um, and uh,
you know, I want to kill the podcast
game, but that's been something that
I've had to
uh in the in in the past when that [__]
happened, I I kind of had to put that
back and go, where where's the money
going to come from? and sports is a lot
easier to make money out of. So I I I
went full steam ahead with the kickoff.
I think I've got something really
special with the kickoff.
That to me is the the future of
football in terms of how people will
consume it in the UK. That that show the
the brand, the kickoff, the the the
personalities I've got there. I'm
working on rebranding it right now. You
know, Gillette Soccer Saturday is dying
a death. I seen it coming in my off
soccer is so [__] like they've all
piled like there's what they're
happening in that space right now.
There's so many YouTube channels they're
faking their views. They you I know them
all. They they've got all the big brands
Budweiser, you're getting robbed. I'm
just saying that right now. You want to
check the [__] Why have Why have
certain YouTube channels switched the
likes off, switch the views, switch the
comments off? Cuz they're [__] buying
views and stuff like that. what we've
got is so authentic and real. My studio,
I've spent hundreds of thousands of
pounds on the equipment in there. We've
we we've got something special there.
So, it's just about watering it and and
letting it grow. And if I build the team
right, I think we could like No one can
[__] with us. Like, everyone's copying
us. Everyone's copying the kickoff. No
one can copy the kickoff. They're all
wasting their time. All they do is make
us look better.
their [__] attempts at the kickoff make
us look 10 times stronger. So with that
one, I think we've got something really
special there. And I'm surprised
a huge brand has not seen that yet, like
an Amazon or or a Google or whoever the
[__] you know, cuz all right, we swear
on there, but we are killing it, you
know, and and credit to Twitch. They did
see it and you know, I'm proud of that.
But the potential for that brand, I just
think is enormous. I just like I say,
I've been through so many financial
struggles while keeping that going. I
haven't really been in a had a chance to
put it in third gear yet, but I'm we're
getting there. Um, and then there's the
fighting. I feel like thanks to Logan
Paul and KSI, they've put me in a really
particular position where I really know
fighting, but I also know the
entertainment side of fighting. And as
as boxing moves towards that direction
and and MMA as well and my history of
loving boxing in UFC, I can really nail
down a special place in that where you
know live streamwise
where we're number one on fighting and
football. How weird is it that there's
one guy in the world who does a live
stream on football and he's got the
number one audience and fighting? You
know, that alone puts me in a really
unique position without having to talk
about the podcast where it's Ricky Jace
one week, it could be Camaro Usman, UFC
champion the next, Tyson Fury, Logan
Paul.
Do you think you've got the credit you
deserve?
I I definitely don't. No.
Why?
Um
I don't know. I don't know. Um,
I think, you know, I just did an
interview, for example, with Kamar Usman
and
the older I get and the wiser I get and
the better at questioning I get and the
and and the better I get as an
interviewer and leading the the guest
and and taking them on that journey.
My emotional compassionate side is
really another gear that I have that
other interviewers. I just, you know,
I've always aspired to be like Joe
Rogan, but Joe Rogan has things I don't
and I have things he doesn't. He knows
everything about everything. This guy
can talk to anyone. I I just don't have
that. But my emotional compassionate
side, my empathy, I think, gives me
something else. And on that on that
interview, I got so many comments
because it was one of the first
interviews I've done, which was the same
guest Joe Rogan had.
I saw the comments and loads people
going, "You did,
you [__] outdid Joe Rogan with that
one." And I knew I did. And I don't mean
that as a disrespect cuz he's like a god
to me. But on that one, it really showed
because
I just did a totally different
interview. And um and I I'm Joe is
always going to be the goat to me, but
sometimes even the goat can be got and I
can get him every every now and then.
And I and I'm he he's aspire to to to be
on every podcast, you know? So maybe I
don't know. I don't know what the [__]
it's going to take. Um I don't know if
it's cuz I'm I feel like it's cuz I'm
working class and I don't necessarily
like some people just get credit thrown
at them. Like Mr. Beast, wow, you spent
loads of money on a video. Uh, what's
the other [__] who's always surprised
and his friends with cars? I don't give
a [__] Like, with all due respect, you
don't impress me. None of like, you
know, your creativity is bang average,
you know? Like, I could turn up with
[__] money and buy a car for a
friend. You know what I mean? So, I'm
trying to tell stories like with the
fall of True Jordy, with the rebuild,
with the podcasts, th that content is
like I poured my heart and soul into it.
I edited it with my editor, Gio. Shout
out to him. Amazing editor. We sat
together and did frame by frame. I do
the grade. I [__] everything. Like
every minute detail I care about. Why
does my podcast look different everyone
else? Cuz I care. And I will literally
go and go, "Right, we're going to do the
grade. We're going to do the sound. That
doesn't sound right." And I I every
[__] detail I care about. So, it
frustrates me that I'm not where I think
I should be because the numbers are
there, the deals are there, but the
critical acclaim for whatever reason
isn't there. And I guess it's cuz I
swear and I'm not like mainstream
worthy. Like, I'm never I'm never going
to be the kid who Jonathan Ross invites
on or, you know, I'm not and I don't
want to I don't give a [__] about being
wellknown on telly. I don't want to go
on it particularly. Um, and it's not
because there's anything wrong with it.
It's just I'm happy where I am, you
know. But, um, I don't know what it's
going to take, bro. Feel like I've got
to move a [__] mountain.
No, I know. I I I was thinking about it
then cuz I agree with everything you
said in terms of the influence you have.
And I and you I also agree that you are
the best podcast in this country. And
really, you were the one of the real
pioneers of a certain style of
podcasting, but also on the kickoff,
right? You're a real pioneer there. But
from what I've learned about company
valuations and even how brands do deals,
it's the way that it is packaged.
Yeah. And look, I'm not greasing the
wheels of these companies. And that's
definitely a thing I need to do better
because you talk about certain YouTube
channels. Yeah. Certain YouTube channels
will take people out for dinner. They'll
smoo. They'll do all of that [__] And
I'm clearly not doing that. But like
credit to the companies who have
invested in me cuz I've just went,
"Look, I'm the best." and and and and
you know, I learned how to do decks
myself. I was I've done decks. I do all
my own decks.
You shouldn't be. I I sell I Well, I've
just hired a guy, so he's going to do
them from now on. But the point is is
like I got I've done all right, you
know.
Yeah, you've done really well. I've done
well.
I don't I'm going to say it. You're not
getting the credit you deserve.
Yeah. And and it's, you know,
and you're not getting the money you
deserve either. I
It's [__] frustrating, bro. like, you
know,
I don't know what money you're getting,
but I know it's not what you deserve.
No. Yeah. Trust me, bro. It ain't what I
No, I'm credit to the partners we've got
cuz they've looked after us.
Um particularly
um Gym Shark and Poker Stars and Twitch.
Um I'm grateful for for those people to
be uh partnered with us. But yeah, I I I
definitely feel like where where I am is
not reflected. Um but yeah, I need to do
the the the sch smoozing [__] a lot
better. and and the deck side of things.
We've built that out and we're packaging
up and branding wise I need to be a bit
more
there's a lot of rich old white dudes
who sign the [__] checks who I need
to be more friendly towards. I and I get
that. I don't even think you do. I think
you need a bunch of rich old white dudes
to be friendly with rich old white
dudes. And I think you should probably
call your company like true true
entertainment. You put it all under
there.
If they value it as a YouTube channel,
you're getting paid X. If they value you
as a media company, a Buzzfeed or a Vice
which I am.
Yeah, you are.
Which I am,
but you're not present. You're not
packaged like that. You're packaged as a
YouTube channel. Vice is worth five like
I don't know. No, it's it was 1.5
billion.
Yeah.
Like if you think about the influence
and reach, you're probably up there with
Vice, but you you're branded
differently. You're branded as a YouTube
channel. So, and and I've done all this
on a shoestring as well, bro. This I've
been in like I've been in debt with the
tax man. I got that rug pulled out from
under me with the deal. I've had to
scramble to get other deals. I had to
pay off the production company, all the
money I owed them. You know, you know
that one who kept us going after the
deal. I had to pay them off and then I
went solo and got my own production
company set up.
So, we are beginning which is the
obviously the concept where the
promotion with the distribution. We are
a [__] media company. It's just
[__] frustrating because I don't know
whose dick I've got to suck to get
[__] respect around here. Um, but I I
should be a multi [__] millionaire
right now. Balling out of control.
Not balling out of control. We are
I should be going back down to the
[__] Audi garage now. Yeah, I'm
pissed off. And and I think that chip on
my shoulder is a healthy thing in a way
because it'll just keep driving me to
get that respect I deserve and
ultimately to get the money to look
after the people I care about. And
that's that's the goal. It ain't about
like ultimately yes I've got an ego.
Yes, I want to be respected. Yes. But I
could quit all that as long as I get the
money to secure everyone who all my team
all of that. You know what I mean?
And you 100% own your your formats.
Absolutely. Yeah. I pulled up on
Heineken because they used the kickoff
trademark and said, "I want my [__]
money."
Really?
Yeah. Shout out to Hinekin. They paid me
off.
Oh, they
Yeah, they they used the kickoff and um
I was like the kickoff, the European
Champions League night uh on with
Heineken and I'm like, "What the fuck?"
Uh tweeted them and uh and yeah, I had
everyone [__] oh, can we make this go
away? And uh but to be fair, the gaffer
at Hayikin was cool as [__]
Well, he better have been because
Yeah, you should sponsor the [__]
kickoff.
Quick one. As a serial entrepreneur
that's currently building multiple
projects across multiple industries,
everything from the marketing industry
to blockchain to consumer goods,
everything. One of the things that has
been a lifesaver for me, and again, a
company that I reached out to to
evangelize about on this podcast because
I'm a loyal customer, and they
ultimately ended up sponsoring this
podcast, is fiverr.com. f i v err. What
that site allows me to do is extend my
capacity across all of my projects. If
I'm looking for a graphic designer,
someone to edit a video, someone to do a
website for me, it allows me to extend
my capacity without hiring people. And
the quality of freelancers on Fiverr has
been amazing. And when the the trust and
the service you get is that phenomenal
and the services offer offered are that
diverse, it's a no-brainer. Whether you
have one member of staff, you're a
freelancer yourself, or a thousand
members of staff, Fiverr can be a
gamecher for you. And I'd love you guys
to check it out. Use the link below. Go
to fiverr.com/ceo
and send me a screenshot. If you end up
using the service, one of you is going
to win something very amazing. Do you
think you're happy? Now,
I want to I want to answer this
honestly.
I'm I'm really really going there. Um,
no, I wouldn't say happy is the right
word, but I'm closer to in the middle
than I have been in a long time.
You know what I mean? Like that neutral
point of like I'm not really happy, but
I'm also not low. I'm I'm heading up to
like okay, you know what I and I have
more okay days than I have had in a long
time since I started taking my
anti-depressants and stuff. That's
really helped me sort of level out a
bit. So,
yeah, I'm definitely a bit better, but I
wouldn't say happy would be the right
word. And also, I don't I'm not striving
to be happy either. I think I'm striving
for peace and content and um just uh
yeah, you have your happy days, you're
also going to have your bad days. But
it's like I want to get to a place where
I ride the storm and enjoy the good bits
and appreciate them and know that there
will be hard times again, but that I'm
mentally equipped to deal with them and
that if I do have a uh a bad moment that
I don't want to kill myself or anything.
That's sort of my what I'm looking for.
Do you know what it's going to the work
what work it takes to get there? Do you
have any idea what it's going to take to
get to that day?
Yeah, I I I think so. But also I'm I'm
kind of think I'm one of those people
that I'm I'm not anticipating an easy
ride in life. I'd be a fool after
everything I've been through to think,
but now it's going to go great, you
know? So, it's like
um that's kind of why I search for money
because I think money does solve a lot
of problems and it can make life a lot
easier and it's it's not like money
isn't the answer, but that can help a
lot. You know,
freedom it gives you.
Yeah.
I'm still super scared/ conscious about
my relationship with money because I
know that there's nothing you can do to
take that kid out of me.
Oh, yeah.
It will never leave me.
Yeah. There's still bits of me, man.
Like I say a fast car and I'm like, "Oh,
[__] me. I can really go for one of them
right now." Bitcoin was taking off. I'm
like, "Oh, should I should I get on the
train?" Do you know what I mean?
Once every 3 months, I'll send my
friends, one of them's over there, and
my manager and my my PA, a picture of a
Rolls-Royce. And I'll just be like,
"Should I do it?"
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I'll do it
five times a year. I'll never buy it.
But it's that kid showing up again being
like, "Get [__] show them."
Yeah. And this all I've tried to do in
my life is just be way more conscious of
that kidding me.
But but this is the thing is like at
this point for you, everyone thinks
you're way more loaded than you probably
are anyway. So it's gone to a point
where it's like
for you there's nothing left to prove.
You've you've proven it. You know what I
mean? Like you you're
and I guess Yeah, bro. Credit to you, by
the way. You've done a [__] good job.
Oh, thank you.
You're right. I'm proud of you.
Yeah. Thank you, bro. I appreciate that.
I hope you're proud of yourself as well.
Um,
I am and you're right. I don't feel like
I've got um a ton left to prove to
people. And that's what I that's what I
was kind of referring to. And that for
me has been a really good place to
actually realize what I care about in
life because before it was all trying to
get laid, trying to get girls, trying to
get respect, trying to get followers,
trying to get whatever. And when I was
doing that, I was re I was getting I was
making myself unhappy, but I was
self-destructing. When you finally get
to the point where you realize that you
are actually never going to be
internally worth more, you're never
actually going to be more valuable as a
human being. No matter how much money I
have, my value doesn't change.
But insecurity is is is is it's a it's a
gift and a curse, isn't it? It's like
rocket fuel. It's like before when I was
talking about my podcast and how I'm
underrated. You see the way I talk like
the passion. Whereas Joe Rogan ain't
[__] talking like that. He's content.
He is the king. Like he has nothing to
And also I kind of envy it because he's
never been that way. He's never been
he's never come across as I need
validation. Um and I I know that's in
me. You know what I mean? And it's not a
healthy thing. And I
Do you think it's a good thing?
I it it's certainly [__] driven us.
So I can't I can't hate it all. But it's
like controlling it. It's like the the
beast inside you and it it's like
um mastering it, you know, and knowing
when to let it go. And like it's that
same thing that will make me obsess over
the quality of the content or, you know,
the detail or the research or and it's
the same thing that when people let me
down in a work situation, I get [__]
frustrated cuz I'm like, why the [__]
don't you want this as bad as I do? You
know what I mean? But if they did,
they'd be me. You know what I mean? I'm
I'm I'm I'm me, they're them.
But it's it just drives us [__]
insane sometimes, you know?
I think it's about balancing that thing.
And as you say, trying to master it cuz
you're you're definitely right. It was
like the [__] rocket ship that took
you here.
But at some point, I think probably to
fly, you've got to let go. M
and I genuinely think I've thought this
from just watching from afar and seeing
the similarities in me and you.
I've thought to myself the day that
Brian reaches his full potential will be
the day that he no longer gives a [__]
about proving himself to people because
I think then I think then how you
operate becomes a lot more healthy and
more more productive and more effective.
You're not being driven by these
external forces who clearly, you know,
that don't want your best interest. you
can be in control cuz you're not in
control if if there's that driving you,
right? You're not actually. And I'm the
same.
As I said, I'm on the treadmill, bro.
And I'm and and
the the day I don't need money anymore,
that's going to be a scary day for the
rest of the internet cuz the content's
going going to [__] change. Like, I
don't know what the [__] I'll do, but
it'll probably one I don't know. I don't
I don't want to let the fans down and
and I don't want to stop doing what they
they love me for. But I I am a person
who evolves constantly and I'm always
thinking and re-evaluating and you know
what is this? What am I doing? Why am I
here? All of that. And uh
it'll be interesting to see what happens
then. I'm I I'm excited to see if that
get if that happens. You know what I
mean? Like what I would say, what I will
do.
You're relentless like um Eddie Hearn.
Yeah. Yeah. He's one of the most
relentless characters I've ever met. And
he told me, you know, he's just working
for that day to sell his to sell
Matroom. And I asked him why he wants to
sell Matt if it's making him happy. And
he goes, "Well, we were never supposed
to be here." And it sounds a lot like
what you say to me. And then he goes,
"What I'm going to do is I'm going to
sell Matt 5 billion. Then I'm going to
go to the beach and smoke my cigar." And
I said, "Eddie, you're not."
No, but
yeah, you're going to I'm not trying to
do that. I I get that I love what I do.
And but like take take Matchroom for
example, right?
This is me going on a rant again. I look
at Done. I look at what Matroom are
doing. I'm like, "You guys are [__]
geniuses. This is great. Why are you not
coming for me? Why what what you waiting
for?" UFC had Joe Rogan. I've got a
[__] huge podcast audience. Every
video I do about fighting gets loads of
views. My production quality, my shows,
um, you know, they've tried to copy my
shows. No offense, but I know they I
mean I can see the way they try to get a
round table going. They got Joella in
there and stuff like that. I see what
they're doing. Good. Good on them. Like,
you know, it looked all right. But we
just come for the real McCoy pays the
money and I'll I'll [__] I'll make
you guys I I'll help you out. You know
what I mean?
There might be an issue of being
dependent then on you, right, for
brands. Because if you're the main
event, one day if you decide to cut the
brand,
but look at what Joe Rogan did with the
UFC. It it was a perfect marriage. His
podcast had the fighters on. He told the
stories for the fighters. He helped
promote them. They then go back into the
UFC. They're now more relevant. They get
more pay-per-view buys. And it's this
it's a symbiotic relationship there
where you give me the fight. You give me
Anthony Joshua, the new Anthony Joshua.
You need to build them up. And I tell
the story better than he could himself.
I help make a documentary on him better
than he could himself. I'm king of
content and I help you out on that. Like
I don't know. I just feel like I've got
all these [__] skills and I'm sitting
here making my own stuff, but like with
a budget. Imagine what I made the
rebuild. Me and two other guys made the
rebuild. Like it was good, but imagine
if I actually had a [__] Netflix
budget. You know what I mean? Like
why don't you take investment then?
Uh I I would consider it, but it would
have to be from the right person who
understood what the goal was and
actually backed me. Unfortunately, cuz
I've had those previous issues where
companies have tried to um get me to
sign over my IP for [__] peanuts,
um putting a gun to my head and [__]
like that. And I've had multiple people
try and do that.
It's made me very wary. You know, it
would have to be a big amount of money
and a good a good per long-term partner.
So, you fancy it?
No, I I genuinely I've always looked at
what you do and you know this anyway and
I've always thought that you you had
been undervalued and I tend to believe
that and because you do you've been the
king of what you do for a long time. Not
blowing smoke up your ass. You know this
anyway. No, but you know it's true. And
um other people who aren't as good
because they they're packaged as these
like big media companies. They're
getting the big seven eight figure
destroys us, man. destroys when I hear
I'm just going to [__] take it when I
hear [__] got a massive [__] deal
with Budweiser or anyone. Well, bleep
that bleep cuz they'll [__] take me
to court.
Um, it destroys us cuz I'm just like,
you guys are putting out [__] content.
You don't get any views.
You randomly your your video,
one video's got 10,000 views, the next
video's got 5 million. No one asks
anything. No one at Budweiser double
checking that like
that ain't that. And and I and I'm sure
there's some back scratching going on
behind closed doors where someone went
to Eaton with his other [__] mate and
I'm not in invited to these business
dinners,
but if you actually want to sell some
[__] and you actually want to make a
[__] buzz and you want to kick ass on
the next World Cup or whatever, we we do
the content. We are
pisses off.
I can tell you you've had
It's cuz cuz we me and my team work so
hard. It's not just me either, you know
what I mean? We're we're all like
grafting constantly. My editor, for
example, this kid works till like 4 in
the morning [__] regularly, you know,
to to give everything. And um and that's
someone's got to pay for that one day.
Like I got to get my end result from
that, you know? We we do cuz it won't
I'm very loyal to them and I and we all
deserve that. Do you know what I mean?
that moment of look at what we've built.
You know, when I see Spotify signing um
they've just signed the girl in the uh
in America.
Yeah.
Uh call her daddy. Yeah. Right. They
give her a [__] huge contract. I'm
like,
look at her views. Look, what the [__]
am I doing over here? Like I don't know
what it is, man. I don't know what it
is.
But um
do you think I'm right when I say it's
because you've not packaged yourself as
a media company that you
Well, I think call her daddy had a lot
of help from bar stool and obviously bar
stool being a huge company in America.
They packaged her well and and put her
on the map and stuff and we've had to do
every like you when you met me I was in
a [__] bomb shelter, bro. I I paid a
toothless Russian man £50 a day for a
sweaty bomb shelter cuz that's all I
could afford when when I met you in 2017
cuz a company had sacked me.
A company had let me go because they
quote unquote I'm not brandable and they
couldn't make money out of me cuz they
couldn't sell me properly because of the
way I was. And I was on 50 quid a day
paying rent for the studio and that
studio was [__] horrible. But now
Poker Stars, Beats by Dre, Gym Shark,
and Twitch apparently think I'm
marketable. So I proved that [__]
wrong, didn't I? Sometimes it does feel
good to prove people wrong, Steve.
Do you know what I mean?
But that's not the goal. The goal The
goal is the bank balance. Proving him
wrong when he said I wasn't sellable.
Uh, I've competed with a company before
when I was in the bomb shelter for a for
a sponsorship which was a six-f figure
sponsorship deal and they were a 20
million pound company and I beat them.
You know what I mean? So to say I've
come up from nothing is the
understatement of the [__] century
and I just um
I need to get to that point where I'm
content like yourself. I just hope and
pray and I think this is what I I keep
you can hear me keep coming back back to
it is I just hope that you don't believe
too much in you getting there and
finally being completely happy and
content.
I don't I'm I'm aware what you're saying
and I've had plenty of money before and
I've I've had the the adrenaline dump of
bloody driving a fast car and all that.
You you you can live anywhere in the
world. You can drive any car in the
world. If the people around you aren't
who you want to be around, if you
yourself aren't content, it doesn't
matter because I wanted to kill myself
in in in a in a in a situation where
many people would have felt like it was
the best thing and all of that. And I
I'm aware of what you're saying.
I just want it all.
I want the content, peaceful, happiness,
nice people around me, and I want the
money.
And it's a it's life's a good ride in
it, so I might as well go for it.
[Music]
I think it's possible.
Do you do you know you want to know
something that's funny? Do you know what
during that um that week of hell I had?
I remember um I was just sat there. I
was like
I think I was having no whiskey at the
time. And uh this is what like a dark
sense of humor I've got. I remember
thinking this is so [__] isn't it?
But what a ride.
Like there was just a bit of me that was
like this is a [__] story isn't it?
Jesus sometime like you know what I mean
of yourself.
Yeah. You just got to laugh and go hey
my life is not [__] boring if
anything like it was like
you know got to laugh at it sometimes.
I'm
your fitness stuff at the moment. I've
been getting very into health and
fitness.
Yeah I've seen that. Yeah. You're
looking shredded.
Thank you bro.
Yeah. I'm on I'm on and on and on and on
and on and on and on and on and on and
on and on his friends on his
close friends.
Yeah. I say that I say the stories other
people don't say.
It's like getting cut as well.
How how's that how's that um impacted
your life just having you know you've
started boxing and you've started
working out a lot and you're looking
good.
Thank you.
Yeah.
How's that had an impact on your mental
health?
It's be honest with me.
It's It's great in terms of like
making you feel better and and you have
a great workout and you get the
endorphins and stuff, but also weirdly
there's the um if I have a bad week, I
feel worse about it. Like if I have like
a week where I haven't trained or I've
put weight on and stuff like that, it
makes me go, "Oh, [__] I'm letting
myself down here." You know what I mean?
I need to [__] sort myself out.
Supposed to be a Gym Shark athlete. You
know what I mean? Like, so now there's
more pressure on it if anything, but um
are you going to fight?
Uh
you've got to fight.
I don't know who cuz you're massive, but
I think I might do something like a
charity boxing match at some point.
Something that isn't like what the
YouTubers do. I'd rather
I I'm I'm sparring quite a lot now and
I'm getting some like heavyweight
sparring in with like I'm going to get
some pros to spar with me and stuff like
that and really push myself. I feel like
what a lot of these YouTube boys do is
they call someone out and then learn how
to fight. Whereas I'm actually just
learning how to fight
because I enjoy it and and also because
I'm dedicated to what I do. Like if you
look at my analysis on fighting 3 4
years ago when I did Logan Paul KSI one
or Joe KSI and then look at what I can
do now when I break a fight down, it is
[__] so much better now. And I think
a lot of the, to be fair, a lot of the
boxing and MMA fans, although they they
always disagree with you, I think a lot
of them are recognizing like this guy's
getting punched in the head just to
learn fighting so he can do better
videos. And that's real dedication. So
that's my actual goal to be better on
camera. But I do love fighting for
whatever reason. And it just brings out
this all the things about me that I've
probably showed in this podcast are um
that they come out in the in the ring
when you're being challenged and wanting
to quit but keeping going anyway. Like I
think every entrepreneur has that in
them really. They're all fighters.
They're just doing it in a different
way. But when you're in a boxing ring,
it really brings that out of you. And
um it gives you some sort of self-worth
and self-esteem cuz I I got that when I
was at my lowest point really my
depression. Um like all of a sudden it
was like yeah I am tough. I'm not just a
big lad. I'm hard as [__] nails me
you know and it give me a lot of give me
a good thing in the in a time I really
needed it. So, if I was to do a fight,
it would probably I'd rather do it like
a social club where everyone's getting
piss drinking pints and I'd live stream
on my own channel or something and and
donate everything to charity rather than
making it like a
spectacle.
Yeah. And I'd rather fight a real
amateur fighter who I respect, he
respects, no trash talk, shake hands,
we'll have a pint together afterwards
and you know, just something like that
really. you when you were going through
that depress depressive period and you
started boxing, I noticed that you
stopped podcasting as much and you
talked about how that was to do with
money, but I I
Yeah, it was also mental health.
Yeah, I it's hard to do a 2-hour podcast
even now. I'm I'm I'm in a much better
place now, but it's still it comes out.
It we I talk about it cuz this was my
state of mind and obviously this is a
podcast about my life. But um when
you're really rock bottom, I could get
on and we do these uh comedy videos for
those who haven't seen them called True
News where we basically look at the the
news and we just rip the piss out of it.
And um you know, people like Pier Morgan
and the like, they get they get a lot of
stick off us and um I can do that
because we can edit it down. It's it's
me and Lawrence. we're laughing and
joking and then afterwards,
you know, you you you switch off and you
go back to being normal. When you're
podcasting, there's really nowhere to
hide. And that's what I love about
podcasts is like you really do get a
good idea of who someone is if they
podcast regularly. It's hard to hide.
It's hard to pretend, you know, and
that's why I didn't do it cuz I knew I
couldn't lie to the I didn't want to lie
to the audience. So, I didn't want to
I'd rather come out and do like a month
later and when I'm feeling up to it and
tell them what I've been going through.
So, for example, when like I say like
when my mom died, I never mentioned it
or when when my dad went through um his
um suicide attempt, I only did a podcast
on it once I knew he was all right and
once that moment had been and gone. Um,
it's difficult when you're a podcaster
and you're living a life to to to
pretend like this isn't happening to
you.
You also turned off all the comments on
your social media channels. Why? I just
I was just thinking then I was like I
realized I can't respond to your tweets
anymore or I can't reply to Instagram.
You know what? Uh, that's an interesting
one, isn't it? Because it's something no
YouTuber ever does cuz it's bad for
engagement.
And I did that on a couple of YouTube
videos as well. And they still trended
in the top 10 in the world. And I
realized, well, that's bollocks then.
Oh, you need comments for engagement.
No, you don't actually. Um, and you
know, when you're watching something on
Netflix, you're not like, I need to
comment on this. So, why why is the
comment such a big deal? But mainly,
uh,
I got to a point where mentally I
realized this wasn't helping me. And for
all I get lovely comments and and shout
out to the fans, you know, they they
make us who we are. The negative ones
were so um nasty at times. It made me
just think, I don't need any of these.
And there's that old [__] poem um is
it Roard Kipman? Treat these two
imposters just the same. You know, treat
treat people who who who praise you and
people who criticize you. I I just
thought
you can all keep your comments because
I'm going to do what I'm going to do
regardless to be honest with you. You
the numbers you're watching it cool. But
for my own mental health, I don't want
to hear it, right? Watch it. Enjoy it.
Don't watch it. Don't enjoy it. Vote
with your feet. I don't need to read
this stuff right now because it ain't
helping me. So, uh, you know, a lot of
people, even people in my team were
like, "Oh, you know, you shouldn't do
this, shouldn't do that." And I was
like, "Bro, if you're going to sit and
troll through these troll through these
comments and delete them all hours of
the night, cool. But if you're not, I'm
turning them off." And it's it's really
helped me that it's cuz cuz it's like I
put a tweet out, I put an Instagram post
out, I put and and and and I'm not
going, "What are the comments saying?
What are they good? Are they bad?" I
just go, "Fuck it." Do you know what I
mean? Like the video is the video. And
that's who I really am because I truly I
don't want to sound like it's it's a
weird thing to say. I don't give a [__]
but like I do give a [__] in a way if
that makes sense. Like I want you to
enjoy it, but if you don't enjoy it,
cool. But if you're then going to try
and insult me for it or say anything bad
about me, I'm not interested. You know
what I mean? Cuz I know I'm a good
person. I know I look after the people
around me. I know I've got a lot of good
qualities and I don't need you guys
tearing me down right now. So, that's
sort of the way I look at it. Just it's
so it's so
one would say it was it's not surprising
to me cuz I think I've I've spent a long
time talking to people on this topic,
but it would be surprising to someone
viewing in thinking, you know, true
Jordi big man, you know, says he doesn't
give a [__] swears down the camera all
the time. And then for him to be
affected by the comments on Instagram,
it feels like a it feels it's not, but
it feels like a contradiction, doesn't
it?
To to to the outside person who's
viewing in. But then, okay, so to be
absolutely brutally honest, then to
really narrow it down for someone who
might think that that is a
contradiction, it's like um
I don't mind whether you like me or hate
me. I'm actually fine with that. But if
you insult me, that will hurt my
feelings. So, I'm choosing not to listen
to either side because I truly don't
care if you like me or hate me. You know
what I mean? I don't care. I just don't
want to hear it because then I will care
and I don't want to have to do that.
And that's the truth. You know what I
mean? And I'm comfortable with that
reality of some people will like me,
some people won't like me. And I think
to be as honest I have from day one and
just be like, "Fuck it." Put out there
like that. I'm not I'm not trying to
make people dislike me. If anything, I
want to make people enjoy life, forget
about their problems, have a laugh, and
it's probably as passionate as I've come
across here sometimes, I'm really like a
light-hearted person. And and
surprisingly, I think one of the main
things people say about me when they get
to know me is I'm actually really
chilled out off camera, but when the
camera comes on, I know it's time to
[__] do what I do. And it's like the
volume goes up
and the opinions become more powerful,
more passionate, more inum definitive,
you know what I mean? And
I don't know, that's just what I've
learned to do.
Mhm. Yeah. It's what I've come to learn
about you as well. I think the first
time I met you, I remember thinking,
"God, this is such a such a soft um
nice, kind gentleman."
I am I am soft as [__] actually. But
then there's this there's this exterior
which is can be quite
can be quite like aggressive at times
and that it's that and it comes back to
what we started the podcast on really is
it's that two sides to me like and I
kind of called it my mom and my dad but
yeah very much so like there's my mom
side of me which makes me the car and
compassionate interviewer who can pull
things out of people I think other
people can't and make people feel like
it's okay to share that.
And then
there's the arrogant showoff who
has a huge ego sometimes. And uh that is
my dad's qualities, you know, coming out
in me. And um
I'm I am lucky to have both of those,
you know, cuz it is such a weird combo.
Um but yeah, I guess uh is that it?
Yeah, that's it. Yeah. No, I I genuinely
I've been fascinated by you by you for
so long and the more you shared and the
more vulnerable you've been online, the
more it's it's all started to make sense
to some degree.
And and I'm I'm I'm looking forward to
see where we go with it, you know, cuz I
want to dig deeper. I want to I want to
I want to be even more vulnerable. I
want to I want to go further in the
future. But I got to grow. I like to
grow as a person and then let it come
out like in stages cuz you know like you
know how people like us we sort of we're
mulling things over on a daily basis
like who am I? What am I becoming? Is
this the direction I want to go in? All
these [__] questions. And when you do
that every single day and you're laying
a brick in the house that eventually
becomes like the person you are in your
life.
3 months to someone like that is a lot.
They can do a lot. So yeah, I I feel
like we can I'm I'm I'm looking forward
to finding out that direction and and
hopefully making a shitload of money. As
I said, that's the if anyone any I know
a lot of investors listen to this
podcast if you if you info@ true.com if
you want to
we'll end it there. But no, I genuinely
do you know crazy thing crazy things
have happened from people that have
listened to this podcast. So I know that
a certain big brand got a very big deal
off the back of Yeah. Yeah.
probably worth figing
favor. It could work out for me.
No, but you have you've really done me a
favor cuz you know we just for anyone
that's listening, we had a a guest um
move till next week and
Ben Franc. Honestly, if I wasn't his
favorite employee, I better be now. I
tell you,
I text you I think yesterday or the day
before and you've you know moved things
around to be here. So, I appreciate that
and I owe you a big big favor. But um
and you didn't have to, you know what I
mean? We're all very busy, so I do
honestly appreciate that.
No, I've always we've always got on. All
right, mate. And um and I I've always um
you I like obsessive people who are
pushing themselves to the limit and uh I
I I appreciate what you're doing and
you've always been respectful of the the
space that we're in because I feel like
you're trying to bridge the gap a bit
between mainstream, hence the TV show
and all the other stuff, but also the
space that I come from. And uh you don't
talk down to people who are on this
side. And I think there's a lot of
people who are in the mainstream who
sort of
they just don't know what the [__] we're
doing over here. And by the time they
do, it'll be too late and they'll be
swallowed by this industry. So I'm
coming for your job.
I agree, man. And I, you know, I I look
at you as a businessman and I genuinely
and I'm sure a ton of people watching
this will as well. I just see and I've
always you probably know this. I've
always seen a massive opportunity
because I do think what you do
represents the future and I also think
the way you present your content and not
having the filter also represents the
future because the reason we have
watershed and this and the BBC are so
scared of everything even though I'm now
on the BBC is um uh is because they is
because of the medium in which we
deliver the content TV. Look at Sky.
If you look at Sky social media, they're
trying to copy us every step of the way
now. They they're trying to do what we
do. You know what I mean? And and that's
a compliment.
And they're pulling YouTubers in from
Oh, all the time. But when Sky set up
their own version of the kickoff, that
was the ultimate compliment. And when it
went down in flames within two years, it
was an even bigger compliment.
We're going to end the podcast here, but
we'll talk
we'll talk we'll talk offline about, you
know, if there's any way now, I'm a free
agent. Maybe there's some way that I can
help you get the value that you've
imagine you were the guy who finally
sold True Jordy to the mainstream and
made it all happen.
If you can do that, then you'll really
prove yourself. But we'll leave the
we'll we'll we'll let Steve Bartlett go
and do his Dragon's Den thing for now.
Okay.
But if you really want to see if he's
good, can he sell true Jordy?
Well, sounds like a jelly.
I love how I'm playing with your ego to
see. You know me as well. I'll be going
upstairs.
No. Well done on the dragon.
Amazing, isn't it?
[Music]